Thanks for the detailed update and for integrating the ZOHO ID-based mapping into the backend and frontend layers.

However, the issue is still not resolved. I’ve manually verified the output on the report interface, and message attribution remains incorrect, despite what your SQL queries/logs are showing.

🚨 Critical Mapping Issues Still Present:
🔴 Issue 1: Wrong Attribution for Abdullah Wasi
67 chat messages are incorrectly shown under Abdullah Wasi.

These comments were never entered for him and appear to be pulled from unrelated employee records.

🔴 Issue 2: Missing Comments for Praveen M G (Zoho: 10012260)
Expected message:

"Currently partially billable on the Petbarn project and undergoing training in Shopify"

This message was added multiple times by Kishore on different dates but is still not visible under Praveen M G in the report.

Your logs claim it's attributed correctly, but actual frontend/report output still doesn’t show it.

🧪 REQUIRED ACTIONS
Manually verify the current live report output for these two employees — Abdullah Wasi and Praveen M G.

Don't rely only on SQL test queries.

Cross-check what is visible on the user-facing report, not just what’s in the query logs.

Confirm the employee_id in chat_messages still matches internal_id from employee_zoho_mapping

If there's a mismatch between these or unintended cross-mapping, it could be assigning chat incorrectly.

Double-check that duplicate entries by Kishore for Praveen are not being dropped, de-duped, or filtered out.

If content de-duplication or timestamp filtering is in place, it's likely masking repeated chat entries.

Manually test this query and confirm output:

sql
Copy
Edit
SELECT cm.content, ezm.employee_name, ezm.zoho_id
FROM chat_messages cm
JOIN employee_zoho_mapping ezm ON cm.employee_id = ezm.internal_id
WHERE LOWER(ezm.employee_name) LIKE '%praveen%' AND LOWER(cm.content) LIKE '%petbarn%' 
ORDER BY cm.timestamp DESC;
If this query does not return the missing Petbarn message, then the mapping is still not working correctly — despite your backend fix claims.

Until the above two test cases reflect correctly in the actual report, this issue cannot be considered resolved, especially as this is under CEO-level scrutiny.

Appreciate your continued support — but please treat this as P1 priority and confirm when the messages visibly appear in the live report for the correct employee names.